=pod

=head1 NAME

    bugsnag-dsym-upload - Uploads dSYMs to Bugsnag

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    bugsnag-dsym-upload [--verbose] [--upload-server URL]
                                    [--symbol-maps MAP_DIR] dSYMS_PATH
    bugsnag-dsym-upload --help

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Given a directory, bugsnag-dsym-upload uploads any *.dSYM bundles with the
directory to the Bugsnag Upload API (https://upload.bugsnag.com). As a
pre-upload step, bitcode symbol maps can be combined with dSYM files to ensure
symbols are sent for bitcode-enabled binaries.

Given a ZIP archive containing .dSYM bundles, the archive is first inflated in a
temporary directory before uploading.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

=over 4

=item I<cURL>

Required. cURL uploads the dSYM DWARF data to the Bugsnag Upload API as form
data.

=item I<dsymutil>

Optional, only required for --symbol-maps. dsymutil handles replacing instances
of obsfucated symbols in bitcode-enabled dSYM files with the original symbols.

=item I<dwarfdump>

Required. dwarfdump validates that the dSYM DWARF file corresponds to an
application or framework.

=item I<unzip>

Optional, only required when uploading a ZIP archive.

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item I<-h>, --help

Display the help documentation for this command

=item --symbol-maps MAP_DIR

Path to a directory of bitcode symbol maps. When specified, the dSYM DWARF data
will be updated with symbols prior to upload. Requires dsymutil.

=item --upload-server URL

The server receiving dSYM files. Set this value if using an on-premise Bugsnag
installation. Defaults to I<https://upload.bugsnag.com>

=item I<-s>, --silent

Silence all script output aside from errors

=item I<-v>, --verbose

Print verbose logging output during execution

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

I<dsymutil>(1), I<curl>(1), I<dwarfdump>(1)

https://docs.bugsnag.com/api/dsym-upload/

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2016 Bugsnag, Inc. bugsnag-dsym-upload is licensed under the MIT
license as specified in the included file LICENSE.txt.

=cut
