README.md, before:

# bugsnag-dsym-upload

Commands for uploading files to Bugsnag via the Bugsnag Upload APIs


## Current Features

* Uploads dSYM files in bulk
* Converts bitcode-enabled symbol files stripped of symbol names into full files

## Installation

### Basic

Copy `bin/bugsnag-dsym-upload` into your `PATH`, or run `make install` to
install to the default directory, `/usr/lib/bin`.

View usage [here](man/bugsnag-dsym-upload.pod) or using `man
bugsnag-dsym-upload`

### Homebrew

Install via the [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) formula:

```
brew install \
  https://raw.github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-upload/master/tools/homebrew/bugsnag-dsym-upload.rb
```

View usage [here](man/bugsnag-dsym-upload.pod) or using `man
bugsnag-dsym-upload`

### [Fastlane](https://fastlane.tools)

Add `bugsnag` as a plugin in your configuration:

```
fastlane add_plugin bugsnag
```

Then add the `upload_symbols_to_bugsnag` action to your lane:

```ruby
lane :refresh_dsyms do
  download_dsyms
  upload_symbols_to_bugsnag
  clean_build_artifacts
end
```

Common options:

* `api_key`: The API key associated with the project. Informs Bugsnag which project 
  this dSYM should be applied to.
* `dsym_path`: A path or array of paths for directories containing \*.dSYM files
  or a single \*.zip file to upload. If unspecified, the default behavior is to
  upload the zip files retrieved by a prior invocation of
  [`download_dsyms`](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/#download_dsyms), or
  any .dSYM files within the current directory.
* `upload_url`: The URL of the server receiving symbol files. Update this value
  if you are using a private instance of Bugsnag
* `config_file`: The path to the project's Info.plist. Set this value if your configuration file 
  is not automatically detected. If set the API key read from this configuration 
  file overrides the `api_key` option

View usage additional usage information and options by running `fastlane action
upload_symbols_to_bugsnag`.

Check out the [example `Fastfile`](tools/fastlane-plugin/fastlane/Fastfile) to
see how to use this plugin.  Try it by cloning the repo, running `fastlane
install_plugins` and `bundle exec fastlane test`.

If you have trouble using plugins, check out the [Plugins
Troubleshooting](https://docs.fastlane.tools/plugins/plugins-troubleshooting/)
guide.

## [License](LICENSE.txt)

Commit message:

Bumping version numbers for release
& tidy up manuals

README.md, after:

# bugsnag-dsym-upload

Commands for uploading files to Bugsnag via the Bugsnag Upload APIs


## Current Features

* Uploads dSYM files in bulk
* Converts bitcode-enabled symbol files stripped of symbol names into full files

## Installation

### Basic

Copy `bin/bugsnag-dsym-upload` into your `PATH`, or run `make install` to
install to the default directory, `/usr/lib/bin`.

View usage [here](man/bugsnag-dsym-upload.pod) or using `man
bugsnag-dsym-upload`

### Homebrew

Install via the [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) formula:

```
brew install \
  https://raw.github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-upload/master/tools/homebrew/bugsnag-dsym-upload.rb
```

View usage [here](man/bugsnag-dsym-upload.pod) or using `man
bugsnag-dsym-upload`

### [Fastlane](https://fastlane.tools)

Add `bugsnag` as a plugin in your configuration:

```
fastlane add_plugin bugsnag
```

Then add the `upload_symbols_to_bugsnag` action to your lane:

```ruby
lane :refresh_dsyms do
  download_dsyms(version: "1.4.2.1")     # Download dSYM files from App Store Connect
  upload_symbols_to_bugsnag              # Upload them to Bugsnag
  clean_build_artifacts                  # Delete the local dSYM files
end
```

Common options:

* `api_key`: The API key associated with the project. Informs Bugsnag which project 
  the dSYMs should be applied to.
* `dsym_path`: A path or array of paths for directories containing \*.dSYM files
  or a single \*.zip file to upload. If unspecified, the default behavior is to
  upload the zip files retrieved by a prior invocation of
  [`download_dsyms`](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/#download_dsyms), or
  any .dSYM files within the current directory.
* `upload_url`: The URL of the server receiving symbol files. Update this value
  if you are using a private instance of Bugsnag
* `config_file`: The path to the project's Info.plist. Set this value if your configuration file 
  is not automatically detected.

View usage additional usage information and options by running:

```shell
fastlane action upload_symbols_to_bugsnag
```

For more information, take a look at the Bugsnag docs on 
[using the Fastfile plugin](https://docs.bugsnag.com/build-integrations/fastlane/).

Check out the [example `Fastfile`](tools/fastlane-plugin/fastlane/Fastfile) to
see how to use this plugin.  Try it by cloning the repo, running `fastlane
install_plugins` and `bundle exec fastlane test`.

If you have trouble using plugins, check out the [Plugins
Troubleshooting](https://docs.fastlane.tools/plugins/plugins-troubleshooting/)
guide.

## [License](LICENSE.txt)
